# BabyShop

- Hi, I am Aditya Arpan Sahoo, currently I’m in my first year of B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering at Siksha ‘O’ Anusandhan University. 

- This is a simple website that I have designed using HTML and CSS. I have designed it like an E Commerce site. This is basically a website in which we’ll be providing baby products on rent. It is because babies as well as small kids really grow very fast. So, in that case many of their clothes are just wasted as they are no longer to be needed. Some well-to-do families who can afford their baby a good lifestyle have many pairs of clothes whereas an average or a below average family who cannot afford their baby a good lifestyle have very few clothes, even in some case they don’t have any. My project can be a great opportunity for them. Using our website, they can rent baby clothes and other items like carry pouch bag, safety car seat, bed, swing, jackets, hoodies, sweaters, etc. Keeping the safety of customers in eye, we’re not allowing personal healthcare products like nutrition and supplements, foods, oil, powder for rent. The customer can take rent upto some periods and after that he may request the buyer and renew that period once again.
The customer has to pay a little bit low amaount for that same product as compared to its market value. The advertisement regarding the products will be posted by some user. The customer have to contact that user and by their mutual agreement, this trasaction can take place.

- Through this website we can also create job opportunity. Some of the unemployed person can apply for babysitters (nannies) and can earn some money for their living. We have complete details and id and address proof of that applicant, so that all the time we can track the applicant and track his/her activities as well. At the time of applying, we will ask the person to upload a cv like document containing information about himself/herself and hobbies and some tits bits about that person. It will be helpful to that person who is going to hire a person for babysitters and will get to know about that person and they will have an idea to whom they are giving their baby. 

- Hoping forward to implement it.
